This is a head-gum original.
music
I knew you'd do me. I don't know what else to say.
on the winds and it's Barry bonds. That's tight.
Danny, who's your bond to the week and look, we'll get you in on this sort of cash deal
if it comes to you, you're about to say. Sleeper pick, uh, Nick Sabin.
Yeah. Who? He's not the Alabama football coach? Yes, exactly. There's no way. I can see a nice
turn to go on instead of like London and like Paris are going to Tuscaloosa Alabama to stop
some international arms dealer. I feel like you could be the villain. Yeah, it's the whole
part of the whole twist, you know. I feel like I, I'm not going to choose anymore, right?
Cause like I, because you're locking in Aaron Taylor Johnson or you think you're already one.
Neither. Well, I, I don't need to choose because I think I've already won. I'm not going to lock
him in. I have a lot of good options on my list that I've already shared. Varika's more confident
in 2023 than I've ever seen anyone ever be. Talk your shit, queen. This is her Jordan
year. He's right. I mean, he's just going to have the flu.
I'm going to be bad pizza and you tell once. I'm going to shut the fuck up.
I'll say Aaron, I'll go air and Taylor Johnson. No, just because I don't know if it's
been said and I feel like I might be the most accurate. Yes, so far. Yeah. Why do you say that?
Cause it might, I think that I read somewhere that they might be narrowing down and it's
to air and Taylor Johnson. Right. Right. So you're, you feel like a good pick per sources.
Interesting. I want to be the last sort of one to guess the correct one before.
Cheat at the deadline. Yes, right at the deadline announcement. Yeah, we just
move on. Madonna considers a price of $130 for their COVID-19 vaccine following the
end of government contracts. My question to you guys is what is a fair price for a
vaccine for COVID-19? What would you all set it at? This is a short take. What's your
advantage? Yeah. No way. Zero dollars. Okay. Fuck everything that's happening in this world.
Okay. That's an interesting take for sure. I'll go 131 prices right rule style.
And I'll talk to you. Yeah. Damn. Damn. Box them out. So I get everything above 130. It's a
tough time to be a Madonna because nobody wants to take their vaccine anymore and now they have
to start charging. It's sort of a double whammy slash edged sword in that way. It's going to be
difficult for them to find paying customers. I think. Same. Yeah. Who's going to pay for? I mean, I guess
insurance will pay for it right soon. Right. That'd be nice. But TBD, I guess. And then I'm here. What
is insurance does cover it? How do you feel then? That's good. And the way it should work. And so.
I'm happy that the process, even in this hypothetical situation is working out.
Big insurance guy. Yeah. I'm a, I'm a big anthem head.
That's a good answer. We should. Okay.
Blue. Blue. I just want to. I just. That's like a.
Yeah. I can't believe you guys. Danny's the only one with any energy today. That's so
rude. Checking his phone. Really? Yeah. It would be here. That's all. I was just on a cross country flight.
Today. Yes. We're all in LA doing this all in LA. And I'm the only one in the studio.
Yeah. Well, yeah. That we should have just came to the studio. Yeah. At the very least, just
like see each other. I didn't want Danny to have to drive all the way across town. I didn't want to
have to do this all in America, IRL. That's almost every night for Santa, but don't cross again. Danny's
exactly. That's my point of him. He is him. He is him. And that's his son. Really is him.
I mean, he's supposed to be a mere talk about what he's saying. I mean, concentrate. Even at each
between, I was him. Yeah. I got me good. It was a crisis and a metal part with moose in my hair.
Being the hands bone too. That was crazy. Moose in my hair.
The night was that too. Sure. Nick. Yeah. You weren't an insult. You were a cell.
Like an amoeba? Like an amoeba. Yeah. Single cell work. And it's in my guess.
Piece of shit. The hell through problem. Trying to have a fun time. You have candles on the back, Jeff.
Yeah. Are you going to have sex? That way you didn't want to come to that. He was very sick. Yeah.
Right now, I feel like you didn't want to come in because he's just my room. He doesn't believe
an overhead lighting. No one should ever use the overhead lights. Can't hear what you just said.
So nobody should ever use the overhead lights. Is that good? Yeah. It was actually.
I feel like you read that once eight years ago. And now it's your life philosophy. But do you ever
like dig into life? No, no, no. Absolutely not. I felt this way from jump. And then I read an
interview with an art architect slash interior designer who fucking confirmed the shit.
He doesn't even build lights into the ceiling when he builds a home. Right? So why should I
excuse me for a second, actually, everyone? Why should I use the overheads? What? And what's the
thing there? What's the joy of floor lamps over? I say floor lamps. I just said lamps.
This feels impractical. It's like maybe the wind lamps, which is, you've got to,
they're telling you either room, it takes you before you can like automate it, but like still.
I'm jumping down my throat when the only person who already hasn't taken this advice is a mirror
seemingly because his overheads, I have to say actually look pretty nice, actually. So you're one
bedrock stance is already not there. It also, you know, starting to waver warmth the light,
like you're not going to put daylight bulbs in your bedroom, you know, it doesn't have to be bright
white for us. It could be soft. It's over. Excuse me, if it's over 2700 Kelvin, I really think you
shouldn't tin you all. And I think if your bathroom is a warm light,
reconsider your life. Yeah, that is strange. Tickens can have 2700 bathrooms can have 2700,
but even that, you kind of want 2100 Kelvin on the day. And I might have to be a lighting designer.
The tasting table asks does Prosecco really cause the worst hangovers? The truth is in the bubbles.
Anything with bubbles will give you a worse hangover. So it's not really Prosecco. It's just anything
with bubbles. I don't believe in any of the bad versus good hangover. I think that's all fake. It's all
out of all its all poisoned. If you drink enough to feel bad, regardless of the shapers,
doesn't matter what liquor size. Why does the bubble affect it? Does that just make your stomach more
upset? The bubble? All hangovers are caused by dehydration, Danny. I don't know if you need that.
I kind of do this. I've never had a hangover. You turn up? No.
She takes those pills that they give you in gas stations. The horserame ultimate grind.
Hardness the power of the rhinoceros and you're everything. I do most of my shopping at the 711.
That's the most of my food. The Worst Regional asks is now a good time to buy a car.
The answer? No. There's no shock there. Right. But I guess I was surprised that that was the
headline. Is it a good time to buy anything right now? Everything is way more expensive than it was
four years ago. Yeah. I'm going to see a movie tonight. It was like $27. I'm like,
okay, sure. Everything that you're saying. The reacts normal. Now it's a vegan or vegan. M3, a Jan.
With who? Don't worry about it. Can I come? Sure. Nice. I thought you don't like horror movies.
I don't. But everyone's saying this movie is good. Maybe I gotta go. Let me know.
I said that about Barbarian. You didn't want to watch that, right? Yeah, that's too scary.
I felt like how scary it may be. You know, she's a dancing doll. Let's find out.
Yeah. Awesome. Come to a Jeff podcasting on his stomach, right now. Yes, because you know he's sort of grinding.
You just, you know, she's just like a six year old. That doesn't quite know what it means. Yeah.
Yeah. It's ankles just come over his shoulder every chocolate. This was his ass picture, but kind of
clothed. What you're like, so we can see your little feet to the left. Yeah. That's just really weird.
This is so funny. So funny ass. Thankles. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I have it, actually. Let me see those feet
again. Just one more time. Yeah. All right. I got it. I got it before you do them before this. I feel like
it was a while. I should have it because the vibe is just different. You have a very
nice vibe right now. The vibe is different. Jeff, he's kind of him right now.
Right. Yeah. You might think about it. The vote is in. The vibe is him.
According to GQ, Austin Butler left his hair a little messy.
For what?
Bed. Like for out this, sir.
Guy in the shorts better get out of the way. Dominatrix coming through to take the mic at a
Fort Lauderdale City Commission meeting. Good evening, council peoples. You may call me
mistress wearing an outfit that everyone kept comparing to death punk.
There was no way not to lose yourself to mistress, so she brought up a contract for solid waste
management that you will spend almost $1 million. Of course, that got compared to Dr. Evil.
$1 million. Mistress proposed they spend a quarter of that million to support
Dominat's sense of missives to build a dungeon. And in that dungeon? I look forward to
spanking each and every single one of you. The commission members were unfazed. There we say
submissive. Dust a club called Cravex Miami where they don't answer. How may I help you?
How may it be? How may you spank me? Some in the fetish community said mistress Crave is giving
them all a bad name. But Crave told CNN, anyone who says that requires firm and forceful
punishment while promoting a club, she did manage to create some spanking new headlines.
Genimos, CNN. You are dismissed. New York. Okay, thank you.
Have we ever figured out if Janine is related to Katie? Will it be crazy?
Is it the same last name? Yeah. Oh, really? Yeah.
But she's saying most. Genimos, CNN. I really want to have her on the show.
Oh, how am I who are you talking about? Sorry. Yes, that was weird, Jeff.
Definitely. I'll still find you some hoardy ask commissioners. Maybe she has a point.
Well, yeah. I wanted to bring this up just to see first of all the check in on Genimos because she's
my favorite reporter. But also to see how you guys would feel about a publicly funded
BDSM dungeon. Sure. Sure. Yeah. I don't know. Like, I don't know what the public funds,
but that feels like infrastructure. Yeah. Parks. Yeah. Compromise a part. Great. Yeah. Sure.
Whatever secretary of the interior of my house. The Koochi Clubhouse. That's really
Yeah, for like a after you solve homelessness, the next priority should be
Spank Koochi's house. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. All right. We do have to take a quick break.
Thanks, my sponsors. Maybe.
Oh, yeah. Guys, lately I've been listening to a lot of Hollywood handbook
apologies that it's not a headgun podcast, but that is my favorite podcast. And it's been great.
And one reason it's been great to listen to is because I use my Raycon wireless earbuds to do it.
Not wearing them right now in this ad read, but I do wear them on my little canyon walks.
Raycon's everyday earbuds look feel and sound better than ever with optimized
gel tips for the perfect interior fit. These earbuds are so comfortable and they will not budge.
All right. Trust me. I've fallen down plenty of hills wearing them. And by the time I reach
the bottom, they're still in there with the perfect fit. Raycon's give you eight hours of play time
and a 32-hour battery life. And Raycon's our price just right, meaning you get quality audio at
half the price of other premium audio brands. It's no wonder why Raycon's everyday earbuds have
over 50,000 five star reviews. One of my favorite features is that you can customize the sound profile.
So you can create a more isolated listening experience or you can allow yourself to hear
your surroundings more. So if you're walking on the street or something like that where you
kind of or you're walking the airport, I was using them yesterday. You can hear more about what's
going around you in addition to getting that high quality sound. So go to buyraycon.com slash
what's that today to get 15% off your Raycon order again? That's buyraycon.com slash
what's that to score 15% off buyraycon? What's again dot com slash what's that? Thanks Raycon.
Up cover episode. Uh, welcome back to that goodbye guest. Uh, do you guys see this?
Noma the quote best restaurant in the world is closing its doors.
Didn't see it. Don't know where it is. Where is it? That's going to be in Copenhagen.
Oh, yeah, forgot. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So this place has long been considered the best restaurant in
the world. Not sure what standards, uh, maybe it's because it had a bunch of Michelin stars for
long time or something. But shake shack is too. Oh, yeah. Shut up. No, mother. Shut up. Shut up.
Uh, all right. So I thought I could list out some dishes just to kind of memorialize no
which is again the quote. What was that? Okay. I'm going to sit down.
All right. So I thought that we can list out some dishes. Some of which are from no
ma the quote best restaurant in the world and some of which I just made. Uh, and uh, this is a segment
I like to call.
Oh, yeah, I was going to guess no ma or no. It's exactly right. That is exactly right.
Oh, this is no mar now. So here we go. Grilled reindeer heart on a bed of fresh pine. That's you.
That is real. And that is from no ma. They send your heart grilled reindeer on a bed of fresh pine.
Here we go. Um,
two-veed hen on a bed of lentils and suck attached. What's a lentil? It's like a string bean.
I like that you asked what a lentil is and not suck attached. Or that is an idea of how to
it's a sound of two-veed hen on a bed of lentils and suck attached. I think that's you. That's real.
So that was me. I'm here you were wrong. Here we go. lentils like a bean. Yeah.
Flounder would grilled in the Nordic fashion.
Plounder? Nordic? I think it's called in the Nordic region. Yeah, this is indescribable.
And you did say flounder? Flounder would grilled in the Nordic fashion.
Nordic fashion sounds like something you'd say. So I would say you. I'm going to go with them.
I mean, it was right. That one was me. Here we go, man.
Sapphrong ice cream in a beeswax bowl. Oh my God.
That sounds very white. You're going to suck with them slash him.
Is it?
There you go. Oh, um, I'm going to go no more.
That was no, uh, ultimately that was no, uh, two-year-old aged carrots with duck brain.
No one's making that duck brain. I really want it to be no, uh, so I'm going to be your old carrots.
There's no way. There's no way. I really want it to be
Jeffrey.
It's not really. That's no, uh, yes. I'm looking at this. I'm right now. All right. Here we go.
Cree duck duck brain.
Cream of head of the woods soup.
I mean, sorry. I'm looking up to your old carrot with duck brain. Yeah. Is it pickled?
Like, what is it? I have to assume.
That shit sounds disgusting.
Keep in mind all of this like left in the ground, maybe?
Yeah. Yeah. It's like we've been growing this for two years. I don't pull. How did you even
needed? Oh, my God. The duck brain is served in the beak. That's disgusting. Okay.
This is the number one restaurant in the world. 10 of the woods soup.
That's you.
In of the woods. Correct. That's a kind of mushroom that looks like a flower.
This looks like torture. This is terrible.
Lime brain. Three pancakes with warmed maple syrup.
What was the first word? Lime. Three pancakes with warm up. Okay.
That's kind of good. It might slap a little bit. Yeah.
I'm here. Jeffrey. Correct. That was me. It's just lemon ricotta pancakes.
A single beetle made of fruit leather made by it. No.
That is a real thing that they had unpaid interns doing, making beetles in a wooden box
and serving them out of fruit leather. That's not shy. That is really amazing. Here we go.
Girl cheese foam.
Where's the foam coming to play? Is it the whole thing is foam?
No way. I mean, I'm going to kind of give it away by saying this, but the foam is supposed to taste
like grilled cheese. Oh. It's like that. Yeah. So you know the exact ingredients.
I just saw a photo. I just saw a foam. Oh. Nice.
Little gem salad with rubies instead of lettuce.
Need texture. That's you, man. That was a salad, but with like a pomegranate seeds instead of lettuce.
That's good.
That was no ma or no. All right. He no ma, but it based on some of the dishes they sell.
I feel like it maybe was for the best. Can hear you. Yeah.
Kind of awkward. I said RIP no ma, although based on some of these dishes, maybe it was for the best.
Man I heard you had enough. The first time I just, you did not have to say it.
This is the first episode of 2020, three that were recording. I feel like everybody did
their like ins and outs of 2023. So I just wanted to open the floor here for these last 10 to 15 minutes
for us to talk about our ins and outs. So guys, what's out for 2023?
Jobs. Yeah. Oh, that's interesting. Like a nine to five, the traditional office. Like a room. Yeah.
At least nine to five, scheduling is out for sure. Love that.
Mertica.
For me personally, you're just for everyone in general. You could do transit industries. You.
I'm an assume you didn't answer, and it's still either. So I personally,
I'm going to try a drink less soda. Yeah. That's a good one. Fair.
More of a resolution than a. Yeah. Society. Oh, getting it, but yeah. It's not trying.
There she is. Oh, I couldn't hear what Jeff said. And I went with a person all night. Okay.
That's all right. For me, I'm going to say what's out in 2023 is looking like garbage. I think
every time I step out of the house, I'm going to want to look like I'm wearing an outfit.
Nice. Yeah.
Where do you shop at?
Uh, that's easy. Really. Glasses use clothes or like people make custom shit. It's, it's like second
hand. Glass city reclaimed is a favorite of mine. Bad tourist vintage is its favorite of mine.
Uh, Dad's closet is a favorite of mine. The shit is to, to Dine for.
I said, I went eating. I would spend the amount of money it takes to Dine at no
Ma, rest in peace. On a ha in a. Proud of you. How would you describe your style, Jeff?
Bad and curious. Bad. Yeah. No, I don't know. Like I think it's kind of, you know.
Fated core. Yeah, me, Becky. Mom's sad core.
Yeah, we get still. You have a good little vibe to you. I'm just, I'm just kidding. Not a trick
question. I just wanted to know. I think like shabby chic, maybe. Maybe a little bit of cottage
core creeping in, maybe a little bit of Ivy League Trad to be seen for this year.
You dress like your famous. That's. He dressed like your crisp pine. Yeah.
People are well. What is your own question? Yeah, 100%.
You had to go full mumeo on a boat. I might go see the full mama Fuku. So I might just have like some
ramen in a dingue. Yeah. Get like handlebar. I'm actually. I'm revising mine in for this year.
Is cyber bullying? I think we should bring it back. Except not me. Don't bully me. But like
just in general on the internet. I think people need to be told off a little more. Yeah.
Oh, interesting. Who is cyber bullying? I don't know. I feel like
at some point, people just like airing all of their problems on TikTok are going to look back
and be like, what the fuck was I doing? It's like when you open the photo booth app on your computer
and you see like photos that you took in middle school on your eye mat, and you're like,
there's a photo of me holding a ukulele going like. Yeah. It's like except that, but it's all public.
Yeah. I've been thinking about deleting TikTok. What do you think, Danny?
I've never been big on TikTok and that's probably detrimental to my career because I feel like
all of my peers are popping off TikTok. Yeah. This is not stressful. It's not like fun. It's like
it's too many random people that you don't know. No one's really nasty. It's weird,
reals, and TikTok. It starts to get to the point where it's like, oh, you know, something you
like, then it's like this dog with no eyes. You know, like, it's like, it's like, baby with it.
It's like, it's like weird. Yeah. Like, why does this pimple popper? Then it's like,
I'm going to show you someone I've been popped out. Like, yeah, I was wanting to see
some highlights and like one little pimple popper video than highlights. I don't need to see this
nasty ass shit right before I did eight inches of wax being removed from somebody's ear.
Yeah. I don't who is this for? Let's get a fucking root canal. It's like, dog. This is a lot for
yeah. I think you got to curate. You got to curate the perfect page, but that's too much work.
Right. That is work. How do you curate? You follow? Just searching and scrolling.
That's miserable. Yeah. It's bad. And I don't recommend it.
So it's TikTok out for this year? No, it's still in. I love TikTok too. I think we should also
bully people more. Oh, TikTok. Back to nowhere. Yeah. Oh, it's more pertinent.
Okay. We need a trophies. You know, except don't bully me.
Don't bully me. Just watch. Don't bully me. Just watch. Don't bully me. Just watch.
That's tired. No. That's the theme of Harry.
Harry had done me that day. That was tight. And so he'll start doing it for weeks on it.
That little comment that you made is for you. You can see it in his smile.
So I'm here. He's not even allowed. That's what you're just going to keep going a little bit.
Danny's the angel that was on my shoulder. Your nails would devil. That loser never wants to pass.
You are the devil's asshole. Can't hear you. Good.
Oh, fucking stomachs to you. That's why you can't. His diaphragm's come for us. He can't feel the speed.
His in the way. I never thought I would talk about to a grown-ass man or something for 40 times.
This is insane. Let's, that's a good enough for good ins and outs. You guys have any last
minutes and outs. Things that are maybe in. What's that? We didn't say any ins. Should we do what's in?
Yeah. I think I didn't. I never really, you never really gave me an opportunity to shut
what I thought. It's not an arbiter of taste or otherwise. You're almost 40.
See, you're not an influencer. Well, I got my finger on the pulse of the sort of older skewing
down. No, you have your finger on the pulse of you because you have part palpitations.
Because you're over the goddamn hell man. I was going to, yeah, I was going to say smoothies are kind
of out. Yeah. Yeah, people are not really into like John's. I mean, I was like, I had
John reduced this morning. And I was like, check the real to have it. Well, yeah, that's fucking
check. We should have been on the same flight yesterday. I flew back from the JFK yesterday.
Really? Yeah, I would have loved to sit in the same row as you. Yeah, I love it and fun. I flew this
morning though. That's all right. What else was it? Also, could you, you could have come to
a botry? No, I was in Kingston. And when was that? Classic. Could have driven down with
Dane, you know. You know what else is in? Didn't hear that. Say, what's your show? What else is it?
What else masks podcast live show? What's that? I guess that's in. I would like to do a live show of this
show in Los Angeles this spring. Is that too much to flask? Can we do it somewhere else? San Francisco?
Dane, Ohio. Why not LA? I feel like that would keep it cheap and easy.
I'd love to do like a tour, but I feel like nobody's going to go for that. No, you should do a tour.
Amir doesn't want to do that. When you do things in LA, you're from LA. There's less of the
impulse to get the tickets. And we do like headgum shows in LA. We have to like, we're
comment a fucking Chicago and now it's like an event. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. All right. Portland's part of the
vibe. Portland's a good place. Boston. Danny, what else do you like? I mean, there's some
places and Texas that might be decent. Austin could be tight. I was going to say Austin. I would say Austin.
I mean, Chicago's a great place. I did Chicago a couple years ago, right? Yeah. Not the show though.
What about just personally? Like Danny, what do you like to eat? What do you like to eat?
Yeah, sandwich is dog sandwich. I do like smoothies. I feel offended. I mean, it's smoothie today.
I was going to do it today, actually, too. That's so funny. Yeah, big homemade smoothies, too.
Homemade. I was going to order it, but maybe now I'll do it in my blender. Yeah. It's the 15 dollars.
They're not worth the amount of like the market rate. Oh, smoothies these days is insane. It's crazy.
Yeah. Yeah. All right, putting in your smoothie bananas strawberries a little yogurt sometimes. I'll do a bit of orange juice
or grape juice. Grinola. That's the fucking genius putting oats or granola in there. Yeah, you're grinding the granola or you're adding it.
We have grinded. We both of us are doing it. I think Danny is kind of cool. So I want to be like Danny.
I've never had granola in the pre blended smoothie. What is that? You're not the guy. Like,
there's one the guy on this. The Timothy blend. That's what we call it. Timothy shallow.
The little bit of him in it. I'll sprinkle a little bit of him in it. That's a lot of carbs.
I don't go a fuck, Jeff. It's my smooth dog. You actually want to put it on fucking smooth. You're not putting
any way. I'm just wondering if you put any plant protein. No, you put the you keep the leaves on
the fucking strawberries. That's all I need. I don't need way protein. What the fuck?
I think I am way protein. No, you're a high school bodybuilder. Right. Yeah. I'm not going to
think fucking puberty. But I'm going to ask man. I don't need protein supplements. I would do a
bodybuilding phase in high school where I had a lot of way every day. But it just didn't work.
Like, I did gain muscle from that. I lost. You ever have a creatine phase? I had a creatine
creative phase. So I would house it for energy, put together a tapestry of a bunch of non-sense
and johns. And it didn't end up getting me into any kind of school that was worth a damn. I mean,
I didn't get into, I didn't get into. Did you go to a good ask college? Did you go to USC? That's true.
Rotate the foot so we can see the bone in the light. Yeah. I mean, my god. That looks like
Dalton. When it down, just put the ankles up. That's crazy.
Well, when you guys got, what do you want to point the people to do? This has been a very good episode.
How's it? I thought it was fun. I think they're so fun. We can see it half the time. That's not
there's nothing else I could have done, Brownlee. There's nothing else.
When this comes out, yeah. We'll have done in live show in LA. So, so you can come to that.
What are we going to do to see you? But watch it when it comes out on YouTube later this month.
And we are doing a New York show. But I think it sold out. So,
them's the breaks if you're there and haven't bought a ticket.
And you know, follow me on letterboxed at Marie Gailon. I am funny on there. And I guess they're
only, um, that's kind of it. Hell yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I know you're
Danny, I'm here. What do you guys got going on? We'll be hosting, we'll be hosting us. I guess
Amirna, I'm Black Jake. That's my new AKA. Yeah, yeah, like Black Jesus, but Jake. Exactly.
Well, that's Jesus. I know why. Right, that is, Brown. That's good. Thank you, Merke.
That was a good one. So, yeah, it will be hosting the Hague of Happy Hour in LA. I guess yesterday
whenever this comes out. But come to the next one and we'll never do it at LA in a couple months.
But follow me at follow sellers, follow my merch or get my merch. I'm sorry. I follow sellers.com.
And yeah, I mean, like I said, doing a bunch of shit this year. So just follow me, making stuff,
hanging out, telling jokes. Hell yeah, Amirna. Can't hear you. Amirna?
Yeah, I mean, more of the same. You know where to get that content, that sweet, sweet content.
Reels. The year of the Reels. That's what that was really in the Reels.
Definitely. Nine by 16 is what's in the shoe. Hell yeah. I think maybe I'll just plug like
tearing down your following light now. No, I mean, you know, definitely follow Merke on
Letterbox definitely followed any on Instagram and Twitter. But I don't know. Maybe see if there's like any
any mock, any mud, anything that you want to like get that dirt off your shoulder in a way. Like
maybe Amirna's taking him too much space. I'm a problem. It's me.
He's a problem.
That was a hit gum original.